Monolithic kernels:
------------------
In a monolithic kernel, all OS services run along with the main kernel thread, thus also residing in the same memory area. 
This approach provides rich and powerful hardware access. The main disadvantages of monolithic kernels are the dependencies 
between system components --- a bug in a device driver might crash the entire system --- and the fact that large kernels can 
become very difficult to maintain.

Unix and Linux have this kernel kind


Microkernels:
-----------------
Microkernel (also abbreviated μK or uK) is the term describing an approach to operating system design by which the 
functionality of the system is moved out of the traditional "kernel", into a set of "servers" that communicate through a 
"minimal" kernel, leaving as little as possible in "system space" and as much as possible in "user space". A microkernel that 
is designed for a specific platform or device is only ever going to have what it needs to operate. The microkernel approach 
consists of defining a simple abstraction over the hardware, with a set of primitives or system calls to implement minimal OS 
services such as memory management, multitasking, and inter-process communication. Other services, including those normally 
provided by the kernel, such as networking, are implemented in user-space programs, referred to as servers. Microkernels are 
easier to maintain than monolithic kernels, but the large number of system calls and context switches might slow down the 
system because they typically generate more overhead than plain function calls.

AIX, Minix and MacOSX have this kernel kind


Hybrid kernels
-----------------
Hybrid kernels are used in most commercial operating systems such as Microsoft Windows NT 3.1, NT 3.5, NT 3.51, NT 4.0, 2000, 
XP, Vista, 7, 8, 8.1 and 10. Apple Inc's own macOS uses a hybrid kernel called XNU which is based upon code from 
Carnegie Mellon's Mach kernel and FreeBSD's monolithic kernel. They are similar to micro kernels, except they include some 
additional code in kernel-space to increase performance.


Nonokernels
------------------
A nanokernel delegates virtually all services --- including even the most basic ones like interrupt controllers or the timer --- 
to device drivers to make the kernel memory requirement even smaller than a traditional microkernel.[39]


For better statbility and performance, Hellyus will be use a Microkernel
